<iframe width="700" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nxdrvveUo-Y" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

SETTING THE NEW STANDARD
The 50R Mesh 2.0 Intercom couples Sena¡¯s most advanced technology to date with a low-profile, sleek yet rugged design. Tested and proven by over 100 competitors and staff across the wilds of New Zealand during the Int. GS Trophy 2020, the 50R continues Sena¡¯s long tradition of Advancing Adventure. With its sleek good looks, rugged durability, and next-level technology, the form and function of the 50R combine to set a new standard for motorcycle communication.
Mesh 2.0: Robust Reliability
One-Click-to-Connect simplicity
Mesh Intercom¢â features superior audio quality
Multi-channel protocol in Open Mesh allows users to switch between 9 comm channels
Bluetooth¢ç 5 enabled
Sena¡¯s new benchmark for HD speakers
Convenience of voice-activated digital assistant access ("Hey Google"/"Hey Siri")
30% faster Rapid-Charging
Included WiFi Adapter which charges AND installs firmware updates automatically
An elegant, glove-friendly three-button interface
Voice Commands recognized across 8 languages
Stress tested and proven by over 100 global ADV riders during the Int. GS Trophy 2020

MESH REDEFINED
Mesh 2.0 delivers a robust new level of reliable intercom connections and intelligent routing management to an adaptive and autonomous communication network. The innovative system of prompts and responses between Sena¡¯s Mesh 2.0 headsets has resulted in a staggering increase of 80% more data being transferred across harsh and challenging conditions, providing superior intercom audio quality with a rock-solid connection. Additionally, information sharing between connected devices is happening in real-time at mind-boggling speeds, allowing Mesh 2.0 to instantly assess the optimal path for delivering messages to all participants in the network.
Proven in the most demanding scenarios, Mesh 2.0 brings an unprecedented level of robust reliability to Sena¡¯s flagship rider intercoms. #RIDECONNECTED like never before.

ONE UNIT. THREE INTERCOM MODES.
The 50R features three different intercom modes: Group Mesh Intercom, Multi-Channel Open Mesh Intercom, and Bluetooth Intercom.
With Group Mesh, you¡¯ll create a single, private group that supports up to 24 participants over a range of up to 5 miles / 8 km (min 6 riders @ 1 mi / 1.6 km intervals)! Users are invited into Group Mesh, giving added control and privacy.
Multi-Channel Open Mesh lets you communicate with virtually anyone participating in the Mesh 2.0 network within a range of up to 5 miles / 8 km. Open Mesh also features multi-channel options, an industry-first! With nine channels available, you can switch to a new frequency for conversations with different riding groups within the larger Open Mesh group.
Finally, traditional Bluetooth Intercom mode rounds out the third communication option included. All riders and their ever-changing riding scenarios will surely benefit from the incredible flexibility and technology engineered into the 50R Mesh 2.0 and Bluetooth intercom modes.

REDESIGNED HD SPEAKERS FOR A BRAND NEW LISTENING EXPERIENCE
The newly redesigned in-helmet speakers are optimized for both physical comfort and impressive audio performance. These particular speakers have been designed with a beveled taper and easily fit in the speaker pockets of a helmet, giving the rider a comfortable experience. But exterior design is nothing if the audio output doesn¡¯t meet expectations. With a marked increase in volume, bass boost, and clarity, these all-new HD speakers not only meet expectations but shatter them!

ENHANCED VOICE COMMANDS FOR ENHANCED CONTROL
Take control of the 50R without lifting a finger. Voice commands give you hands-free control of the 50R, operating select functions, including entering Open Mesh or answering a phone call. Simply say a command, and the 50R will act for you. The 50R supports multi-language voice commands, responding to eight different languages, including English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian.
The most powerful upgrade to the 50R voice commands is the new direct, hands-free access to Google or Siri through your smartphone! ¡°Hey Siri, directions to the nearest hotel, please!¡± ¡°Hey Google, what¡¯s the weather forecast for Sturgis today?¡± No buttons, no other preliminary commands. The 50R connects to everything Google Assistant and Apple¡¯s Siri have to offer...all while you¡¯re rolling down the highway! Access phone numbers, music apps, or even ask for directions to the world¡¯s largest ball of twine (it¡¯s in Cawker City, KS by the way)! Riding Connected couldn¡¯t be easier.

RAPIDLY CHARGED AND AUTOMATICALLY UPDATED
50R power running low? With its new high-density battery and the technical improvements to the Fast Charging feature, the 50R will charge 30% faster than previous Fast Charge units! Plug it in for just 20 minutes, and you¡¯ll get 3.5 hours of Mesh Intercom¢â or 6 hours of Bluetooth intercom operation. A full charge of the unit happens in just an hour and provides 8 hours of Mesh communication or 13 hours of Bluetooth intercom talk time! The included WiFi Adapter serves double-duty, charging your 50R and also providing automatic firmware updates via your wireless network. It¡¯s never been easier to upload all the latest firmware updates to your Sena headset!

TRANSFORM YOUR EXPERIENCE WITH THE SENA 50 UTILITY APP
Tap into all of the amazing features of the 50R with a brand-new Utility App. After downloading the new 50 Utility App, just pair your 50R to your smartphone and see how quick and easy setup and management becomes. Remotely control Bluetooth Intercom pairings and connections, configure channel settings for Open Mesh Intercom, or create a private group in Group Mesh. You can even access audio EQ presets to experience all-new musical soundscapes!
